Torchy Swinson:
I was going to tell you something. I just realized I've
reached the last years of my, "I'll be so glad when..." I
wasted so much time on that. I'll be so glad when they're
out of diapers. I'll be so glad when they start school. I'll
be so glad when they're out of school. Be so glad when
this, when that, when we can retire. If I could tell you one
thing and I'm not trying to be that old wise woman giving
you advice, but if I could tell you one thing, don't
postpone joy. Find your joy and what's happening today,
because that's where it lies.
Tony Kaizen:
What's up, my friend? The clip you just heard was of a woman
named Torchy Swinson from Midland, Texas. Now, thanks to her
engaging stories, her vulnerable poetry, and that sweet,
sweet Southern accent, Torchy has won the hearts and minds
of countless people around the world, including myself. She
popped up on my For You Page of TikTok the other day, and
after hearing the clip I just played for you, I went to her
profile, and I found myself listening to story after story
being told by this sweet old lady with such a vivid memory
and a poetic way of speaking. So, I just had to share a
little bit of her story with you, my friend. Please go check
out her videos on TikTok @torchyswinson2. That's
T-O-R-C-H-Y-S-W-I-N-S-O-N and the number two-
@torchyswinson2.
Alright? Now, in episode #98 of this podcast, I played a
clip of a woman talking about this idea called Destination
Addiction, which is basically this tendency to live in the
future, constantly anticipating this imaginary moment when
everything will be perfect and we'll be truly happy and
satisfied with life. And that's exactly what Torchy was
talking about in the clip I just played for you. Always in a
rush to get to the next step. So anxious for things to be
better than they are right now. So in love with the idea of
life being exactly the way we want it to be. But by lusting
after this idea of being happy in the future, we sacrificed
the possibility of being happy in the present moment. And we
see this play out in so many areas of life, right? Torchy
talked about being in a rush to see her kids grow up and
dreaming about the day she would retire. But now that her
kids are grown and she has retired, now that she's reached
her desired destination, she's found herself wondering if
she took the journey for granted. Now I know I'm guilty of
being in a rush to learn certain things and achieve certain
goals and arrive at certain places in life. There have been
times when I was so hyperfixated on some future experience
that I would go months at a time without stopping to think
about and process or even just enjoy my daily life. And even
if I eventually reached a particular goal, I would look back
on the experience and I would see and feel nothing. As if
the entire experience had no meaning. All I could think
about was picking a new destination. And what's the point of
that? What's the point of doing all this shit if I'm not
gonna be present and make the most of it? What's the point
of doing all this shit if I'm not going to enjoy or even
remember any of it? So that's something I've really been
working on lately, man. Just trying to be present in every
moment and find a way to enjoy it. Just accepting reality
and going with the natural flow of things, you know?
All we have is the present moment, my friend. And I know it
can be difficult to live in the moment when you're unhappy
with yourself or your life. Sometimes it's difficult to be
happy when things aren't going the way you want them to go.
But I want you to remember one thing. You're going to die
one day and it's probably going to happen sooner than you
think and what that means is you've got a finite amount of
time left and you're the only one who can decide how you're
going to spend it.